Nikolas Ayala
Introduction 


My name is Nikolas, but you can also call me Nick. I grew up in Brooklyn, New York, and I grew up playing a lot of videogames with my siblings and cousins. I’ve grown to enjoy playing instruments such as the piano, drums, and guitar during high school. In high school, I joined a jazz band, and I mainly played piano, but I also played a little bit of the drums and guitar. After high school, I stuck with piano because I found it to be easier to learn. Now I am studying computer science with a minor in music!
 
In high school, I learned how to type without looking at my keyboard in a computer class. This was my first computer course. I’ve been using computers before this class to play video games, so I’ve had some computer knowledge beforehand. I’ve taken AP computer science principles in high school, and that was my first introduction to computer science. I enjoyed it a lot due to its creativity. We used code.org, and I made an app in JavaScript that listed the top trending games from a selected company. I’ve bought some Udemy courses on game development because I’ve always wanted to make a game, but I found that it was not as easy as I thought it would be. I’ll probably go back to learning it when I have the time. I hope to do some side projects where I can make videogames. Recently I got an internship at this company called Ulster BOCES. I am still employed here, and I am working on an application that reads data from an Excel file and stores the information into a SQL database. The program is coded in Java, and I am using Java JDBC to connect to Microsoft SQL Server. I am also making a user interface using JavaFX.

I hope to use what I learned in this course to make websites as well as web apps. I’m not too sure what I want to do in a future career, but I’m leaning towards becoming a software engineer, or something that has to do with databases. I feel that this course would provide me with the necessary skills to create apps of my own, as well as aid me in future careers. 



Optional section: I’m an RA in Bouton Hall and I work two jobs, but so far, I feel like I’m able to manage everything! Sometimes I may get into an incident in the building in the middle of the night, so if I come to class very tired that may be why. 

